public/games/hexgl/README.md, before:

HexGL
=========

Source code of [HexGL](http://hexgl.bkcore.com), the futuristic HTML5 racing game by [Thibaut Despoulain](http://bkcore.com)

## License

Unless specified in the file, HexGL's code and resources are licensed under the *Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License*. 

To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/.

If you feel like you deserve another license for a special case, [drop me a note](http://bkcore.com/contact.html), and we'll talk about it.

## Installation

	cd ~/
	git clone git://github.com/BKcore/HexGL.git
	cd HexGL
	python -m SimpleHTTPServer
	chromium index.html

## Regarding the code

As of now the code is pretty much raw and undocumented. I'll be commenting it someday, but that won't be until I've finished the next content update and code refactoring sorry!
There will also be some refactoring, when I get some time :P

## Note

After much thinking, I've decided to release HexGL's source code under CC 3.0 BY-NC until further notice. This is not a definite choice, and the game may end up under the MIT license someday.

Feel free to post issues, patch or anything to make the game better.

Commit message:

chore: strip hexgl binaries and harden asset setup

public/games/hexgl/README.md, after:

HexGL
=========

This directory hosts the LakeRide Pros branded integration of [HexGL](https://github.com/BKcore/HexGL).

## Local asset policy

Large upstream assets (audio, textures, fonts, geometry caches, etc.) are **not tracked** to keep the repository binary-free. When you need the offline build, download the upstream HexGL archive and copy the missing folders into `public/games/hexgl/`.

See [`docs/setup-hexgl-assets.md`](../../docs/setup-hexgl-assets.md) for step-by-step instructions.

## Customized files

Keep the following repo-managed files when updating HexGL assets:

- `index.html` — LRP launch overlay + branding (reuses `public/Color logo with background.svg`)
- `launch.js` — launch overlay dismissal logic
- `bkcore/hexgl/HexGL.js` — posts `HEXGL_SCORE` messages to the React portal
- `.gitignore` — prevents accidental commits of upstream binaries

After copying upstream files into this folder, run:

```bash
git restore public/games/hexgl/index.html \
  public/games/hexgl/launch.js \
  public/games/hexgl/bkcore/hexgl/HexGL.js
```

to bring back the custom branding.
